#160 Adding barcode Support for tablet, using the inbuilt camera (#161)
msupply-foundation/msupply_docs: content/docs/distribution/barcode scanning/index.md

We have been using Zebra USB scanners, model DS2208. Any hand held barcode scanner should work for this, though we may need to update to support different models. If you have another model of scanner, please get in touch.

## Using the android camera for barcode scanning

If you are managing your store via an android tablet then you do not need a Zebra USB scanner or any other scanner hardware. Instead you can use the inbuilt camera to scan the barcode.

> On the openmSupply app setting, ensure that openmSupply has the permission to use the camera.

Reviewer: :nit we've been using 'Open mSupply' to be consistent in the docs
```suggestion
On the Open mSupply app setting, ensure that Open mSupply has the permission to use the camera.
```
